"WATCH: Candace Owens Destroys Leftist Narrative On COVID-19 Response! (VIDEO)"
"The UN Is Now Admitting That This Coronavirus Pandemic Could Spark Famines Of “Biblical Proportions”"
"YouTube Takes Down Bio-Tech Firm’s Video Explaining Potential UV Light Treatment for Coronavirus Patients"
"Israel To Have Two Heads Of State While Coronavirus Crisis Plays Out"
"“So It Was a Hoax?” – Fox News’ John Roberts Caught on Hot Mic Discussing COVID-19 Mortality Rate with Technician, ‘Like the Flu’ (VIDEO)"
"Chinese Doctors’ Skin Turns “Very Dark” After Barely Surviving COVID-19"
"US Launches ‘Full-Scale Investigation’ Into Wuhan Lab"
"Trump claims China is ‘number one’ in coronavirus deaths despite reported totals"
"""Scan Your Code!"": Dystopian Post-Lockdown 'Normal' In Wuhan Enforced By 'Anti-Virus Patrols'"
"China tried to patent potential coronavirus drug Remsvidir the DAY AFTER Beijing confirmed virus was transmissable between humans"
"New York Required Nursing Homes To Admit ‘Medically Stable’ Coronavirus Patients. The Results Were Deadly."
"John Podesta and George Soros Connected to Consortium Behind Russia Collusion Sham Now Pushing Democrat Coronavirus Investigation"
"Cuomo signs executive order requiring all New Yorkers to wear face coverings in public amid coronavirus"
"Rudy Giuliani and K. T. McFarland Reveal the Sinister Reason Why China Claims the Coronavirus Came Out of a Wet Market (Video)"
"The Experts Were ALL WRONG: Six New Studies Show COVID-19 Infected Millions More than Predicted Across US from NYC to LA to Miami to Boston to Chicago!"
"Trolls Flood Bill de Blasio’s Coronavirus Snitch Line With Dick Pics & Hitler Memes"
"Global COVID-19 Lockdown - What You're Not Being Told, Part 1"
"Wolf Administration is Caught Adding Up to 269 Fake Coronavirus Deaths to State Totals the Day After Anti-Lockdown Protests in Pennsylvania"
"Mankind's Best Friend: Dogs Being Trained To Detect COVID-19 Odors Could Test 750 People Per Hour"
"HUGE EXCLUSIVE: Chinese Doctor Shi Zhengli Ran Coronavirus Research in Wuhan After US Project Was Shut Down by DHS in 2014 for Being Too Risky — PRIOR LEAK KILLED RESEARCHER"
"Pope Francis and UN Secretary General Call for Socialist Green Recovery in Response to China’s Coronavirus Pandemic"
"UK government REMOVES China from its official coronavirus death toll comparison"
"Majority Of Restaurant Employees Already Lost Their Jobs Over Coronavirus"
"Email Addresses And Passwords From WHO, NIH, Wuhan Lab, And Gates Foundation Dumped On 4chan"
"Florida Alert! COVID-19 Lockdown Gives Americans a Taste of Tyranny"
"Pence Predicts That ‘By Memorial Day Weekend We Will Largely Have This Coronavirus Epidemic Behind Us’"
"EU Leaders Rewrite Document On Government Coronavirus Disinfo After China’s Government Freaks Out"
"New Jersey Public School Teacher Caught on Camera Telling Students She Hopes They Die From Coronavirus For Playing Outside"
"Andrew Cuomo: Coronavirus Came to NY from Europe, Not China, Based on Flight Records"
"YouTube Censors Video About UV Light Treatment Use Against Coronavirus"
"FBI Raids Detroit-Area Medical Facility ‘For Using Intravenous Vitamin C to Treat COVID-19 Patients’"
"LIMBAUGH: Uncertainty About COVID-19 Warrants Our Humility"
"Lady Gaga, Beyoncé Lead Celebrities in Coronavirus Concert Raising $55M for the W.H.O"
"EXCLUSIVE: China Coronavirus DID NOT Come from a Wuhan Wet Market – This Propaganda Comes From a China Disinformation Campaign"
"Trump Ends Daily Coronavirus Briefings After Media Clashes: ‘Not Worth The Time And Effort’"
"BOMBSHELL! CDC Confirms Test Kits Contaminated With COVID-19"
"Professor Wants to Lose COVID-19 Vaccine Race, Too Many White Male Researchers"
"""Wuhan Plague"" Plaques Featuring Chopstick-Wielding Pooh Holding Bat Appear In Atlanta"
"Twitter Suspends Account Of Biotech Company Testing UV Light To Treat Coronavirus"
"Taylor Swift Blasts Soros Family for “Shameless Greed in the Time of Coronavirus”"
"How Cowardice And Class Privilege Divide Support For Coronavirus Lockdowns"
"Visualizing How COVID-19 Has Impacted Media Consumption, By Generation"
"South Dakota’s Republican Governor Kristi Noem Is Beating Coronavirus Without Strict Shutdown Policies"
"China Revises Wuhan Coronavirus Death Toll, Says There is No Cover-Up"
"Nobel Prize Winner Says Coronavirus Had To Come From A Lab"
"Renowned Microbiologist Claims Wuhan Lab ‘Did Absolutely Crazy Things’ With Coronavirus"
"“A Danger to All Americans” – Spygate Ringleader John Brennan Attacks President Trump’s Coronavirus Response"
"Even Warren Buffett's Portfolio Isn't ""Immune"" To The COVID-19 Shutdown"
"Is The World About To Panic Hoard Nicotine Products After France's Promising Coronavirus Study?"
"Study Explains How Exercise Could Protect Against Deadly Coronavirus Complications"
"Sweden sees record number of coronavirus infections for second day in a row"
"Italian Government to Investigate Nursing Homes on Manslaughter Charges after 40% of Coronavirus Deaths Occurred in Senior Homes"
"Covid-19 mutations underestimated, Chinese scientists warn, as they discover new DEADLIER virus strains"
"COVID-19 ‘Survivor’ Chris Cuomo And CNN Pretend He Just Left His Basement. But He Was Berating A Bicyclist On Easter Sunday."
"WHO Denies Origins Of Coronavirus And Says Get Used To New World Order: Watch Live"
"How Public Transit Makes The Nation More Vulnerable To Disasters Like COVID-19"
"Rockefeller Foundation Paper “Predicted” Coronavirus A Decade Ago"
"Pennsylvania Forced To Remove Hundreds Of Deaths From Coronavirus Death Count After Coroners Raise Red Flags"
"Techno-Tyranny: How The US National Security State Is Using COVID-19 To Fulfill An Orwellian Vision"
"Predictive Programming? Internet Notes Eerie Similarities Between 2012 Olympics Opening Ceremony and Coronavirus Pandemic"
"Professor Warns Cancer Deaths Due to COVID Disruption Will Be Greater Than Deaths From Coronavirus"
"China State TV Host: COVID-19 Came From Lab Leak... In United States"
"Here Are The Key Dates As The World Reopens From The Coronavirus Coma"
"COVID-19 Color-Revolution: California Declares Nation Statehood As Trump Moves To Quell 'Mutiny'"
"Global Coronavirus Deaths Top 200k: Live Updates"
"Attention President Trump: Implications of Inaccurate Coronavirus Death Counts and Co-morbidities Will Hinder Future Testing and Research – Demand Accuracy Now!"
"Visualizing How Oil Prices Went Sub-Zero: Explaining The COVID-19 Oil Crash"
"Biden Says He Is ‘Excited’ By Coronavirus ‘Opportunities’ For ‘Institutional Changes’"
"WILLIAMS: Benefits VS. Costs And COVID-19"
"Elites Screwed Up Iraq, Russiagate, And Much More. How Can We Trust Their Coronavirus Management?"
"Tom Cotton Explains Why He Thinks China Allowed Flights Out Of Wuhan During Outbreak"
"IPSC Handgun World Shoot XIX Postponed due to Coronavirus"
"Tucker Carlson Slams Wealthy Universities for Taking Coronavirus Stimulus Cash (VIDEO)"
"Coronavirus Concerns Cancel National Matches At Camp Perry"
"This Kills Covid-19 Hysteria! LA Confirms Death Rate of 0.16574999"
"Watch Live: Democrats Come Out As Chinese Communist Agents And Blame Trump For Coronavirus"
"Small Business Owner Gets Coronavirus Relief Loan To Keep Employees On Payroll. Now Her Employees Are Angry."
"The Facts That Prove That Almost Everyone Is Wrong About This Coronavirus Pandemic"
"Newsom Has No Specific Date to Reopen California After 1,268 Coronavirus Deaths Out of 40 Million Population"
"Reopening Too Soon Could Cause “Exponential Explosion” Of US COVID-19 Cases, MIT Researchers"
"Study: COVID-19 Attacks Blood Vessels, Causes Multiple Organ Failure"
"University: Research Team Developed ‘Breakthrough Technology’ That Could Block Coronavirus From Infecting Human Cells"
"US Lab Director Who Visited Wuhan Viral Facility: “Accidents Happen”"
"Trump To Sign Executive Order Temporarily Suspending Immigration Due To Coronavirus"
"More Than 400,000 In L.A. County May Have Already Had Coronavirus, New Study Finds"
"Michael Avenatti Released From Prison Amid Coronavirus Fears"
"COVID-19 Strikes Again – TriggerCon 2020 Has Been Cancelled"
"Watch: China Releases Video From Inside The Wuhan Bio-Lab"
"Here We Go… Wicked Pelosi Says She Will Include Federally Forced Mail-in Voting in Next Round of Coronavirus Aid (VIDEO)"
"Unemployment Surges to Over 26 Million During Coronavirus Crisis"
"Watch: China Releases Video From Inside the Wuhan Bio-Lab"
"Is The “Second Wave” Of The Coronavirus Pandemic Already Here?"
"Timeline Proves WHO Helped China Make COVID-19 Pandemic Worse"
"Hoax Flyers for Anti-Coronavirus Lockdown Protest Draws Attention From Cops, Media and Trump Haters; But Trump Supporters Not Fooled"
"WE WERE RIGHT: First Coronavirus Death in US Month Earlier than Thought — Virus Was Already Spreading in February! HUGE DEVELOPMENT! #FireFauci"
"BREAKING: Primary American Coronavirus Model Drops Florida Death Estimate By Over 70%"
"40 More Coronavirus Cases Confirmed Aboard ""Costa Atlantica"": Live Updates"
"CNN Reporter Claims Coronavirus Has ‘Helped Humanity’ Buy Time To Address Global Warming"
"Australia To Probe China Coronavirus Lab Theory"
"FBI Request An Indefinite Stay In GOA FOIA Case Due To COVID-19"
"LA Doctor Uses Hydroxychloroquine And Zinc To Treat COVID-19 Patients"
"Lady Gaga Praises Pro-China W.H.O. Chief Amid COVID-19 Pandemic"
"Pence: U.S. ‘Could Largely Have‘ COVID-19 ‘Epidemic Behind Us’ By June ‘If Current Trend Lines Hold’"
"Global COVID-19 Lockdown - What You're Not Being Told, Part 2"
"EU Push For Coronavirus Surveillance Tech Hits Snag With Privacy Concerns"
"Will Coronavirus Wreck The Classic Car Market?"
"Pelosi Spreads Dangerous Misinformation Amid Coronavirus Pandemic: “The President is Asking People to Inject Lysol Into Their Lungs” (VIDEO)"
"As Coronavirus Depression Continues, Americans Are Putting Their Rent On Credit Cards"
"Emergency Report! The Coronavirus Hoax Ends Human Civilization"
"The Wuhan Virus Is Finally Awakening Europe To China’s Imperialism"
"BLOOD ON THEIR HANDS: Liberal Media and Drudge Cheer the News That Hydroxychloroquine May Not Be Effective Treatment for COVID-19 Despite the Fact People Are Dying"
"The Cuomos’ Coronavirus Health Blog Suggests Bathing In Clorox Bleach And Using A ‘Body Charger’"
"President Trump Blasts WaPo Reporter During Coronavirus Briefing, ‘I’m the President and You’re Fake News’ (VIDEO)"
"Fauci Warns U.S. Needs To Triple Coronavirus Testing, Questions Antibody Test Results"
"THIS EXPLAINS THE NEW YORK NUMBERS: Governor’s Policies Required Infected Coronavirus Patients Be Sent Back to Nursing Home"
"China STILL Not Letting U.S. In To Study Coronavirus, Mike Pompeo Says"
"BREAKING EXCLUSIVE: In 2017 Dr. Shi from Wuhan Institute of Virology Claimed She Kept a Large Reservoir of Bat Viruses and Related Vaccines"
"TRUMP: Death Rate From Coronavirus In China ‘Far Higher Than The U.S.’"
"New Research Reveals Between 12 Million and 33 Million Americans Were Infected by Coronavirus – Mortality Rate Similar to Seasonal Flu"
"Fact Check: Hospitals Get Paid More For Listing Patients As Having COVID-19 Even If They Show Few Symptoms"
"The Indomitable Pat Sajak Lances Celebrityhood And Coronavirus With One Tweet"
"‘Huge influx’ of COVID-19 patients putting strain on Moscow hospitals, Kremlin says"
"Trade Adviser Peter Navarro: China Committed ‘Four Kills’ With Coronavirus Response"
"Texans Fined $4,000 For Violating COVID-19 Curfew"
"Aussie Gun Shops Fear For The Future After Coronavirus Closures"
"China Dramatically Raises Death Toll From Wuhan After Skepticism Over Body Count"
"Donald Trump Vows to Investigate Wuhan Lab, Coronavirus Bats"
"Criminal Freed From Jail Early Due to Coronavirus Steals Car Within 40 Minutes of Release"
"Violent Food & Fuel Shortage Riots Grip Venezuela Amid COVID-19 Lockdown"
"COVID-19 Is Not Like The Flu At All"
"President Trump Responds with Snark to Reporter Asking to Clarify His Comments About Injecting Disinfectants to Kill COVID-19 (VIDEO)"
"While Media Mocks Trump for Suggesting Light Treatment for Coronavirus Patients, Bio-Tech Company Working With FDA and Cedars-Sinai on UV Light Treatment to Kill the Virus in Patients"
"Report: NYC Police Have Thrown At Least 50 NYC Inmates Back In Jail After Releasing Them Over Coronavirus"
"Pelosi Taps James Clyburn to Chair Coronavirus Committee After He Called Devastating Pandemic “Tremendous Opportunity”"
"Novak Djokovic Opposes Mandatory Coronavirus Vaccinations"
"Trump to Sign Big New Coronavirus Aid Package"
"UPDATE: US NIH Awarded Wuhan Lab that Studied Bat Coronavirus a $3.7 Million US Grant — AFTER WARNINGS ABOUT THEIR RISKY TESTS"
"CNN's Brian Stelter 'crawled in bed and cried' over coronavirus, says 'it’s OK to not be OK right now'"
"The Destructive Effects of the Coronavirus Relief Package"
"Maxine Waters Says Her Sister is Dying From Coronavirus, Dedicates Relief Package Vote to Her (VIDEO)"
"Biden: Coronavirus ‘A Wake-Up Call’ To Act On Climate Change, Push ‘Climate Justice’"
"How Local Officials Are Navigating The Coronavirus Pandemic"
"McConnell Halts Fourth Coronavirus Relief Package, Warns About Growing Debt"
"Maryland Joins Push To End Lockdowns As China Claims Coronavirus Has Been Eradicated From Wuhan: Live Updates"
"FDA Finally Approves At-Home Coronavirus Test"
"""Eat A Bag Of Dicks"": De Blasio's COVID-19-Lockdown Snitch-Line Flooded With Penis Pics And Memes"
"""China Did A Lot Of Things Right"": Bill Gates Defends CCP, Slams America Over Handling Of Coronavirus"
"SHOCK REPORT: Top Israeli Mathematician Claims COVID-19 Peaks After 40 Days With or Without Economic Lockdowns — FIRE FAUCI AND BIRX!"
"Cashing In: Bill and Melinda Gates Splurge on $43 Million Estate – As Vaccine Promoted as COVID-19 Solution"
"Pompeo: China Has Denied US Permission To Enter Wuhan Lab"
"MUST SEE VIDEO: California Doctors of Immunology Say Only Sick and Elderly Should be Quarantined, Businesses Should Open, and State is Pressuring Drs. to Add COVID-19 Numbers"
"State Officials Pledge to Share Coronavirus Checks With Illegals"
"Firearms Industry Manufacturers, Distributors Dealing With Operating Under COVID-19 Conditions"
"Here’s A Breakdown Of The Flaws In Biden’s New Campaign Ad That Hits Trump On Coronavirus And China"
"WTH?… Joe Biden Calls Coronavirus a Wake-Up Call on Climate Change and Climate Justice"
"New York Times Reporter Complaint to YouTube Prompted Takedown of Bio-Tech Firm’s Video on UV Light Treatment for Coronavirus Patients"
"Facebook 'Fact Checker' Worked At Wuhan Biolab; Ruled Out Virus-Leak While 'Debunking' Articles"
"Study: COVID-19 Survives Longer in Eyes Than Noses"
"HOT MIC Moment at Coronavirus Task Force Briefing!!!"
"U.K. Doctors ERUPT After Prince Harry Declares Coronavirus Crisis Is ‘Better Than We Are Led To Believe’"
"Poll: A Third Of Americans Believe Coronavirus Was Leaked From Lab"
"Latest CDC COVID-19 Numbers Make the Doom-and-Gloom Cult Look Like Complete Idiots"
"Virginia becomes latest state to see protests against coronavirus lockdown orders"
"Shocking Report Shows Half The Homeless At Boston Shelter Tested Positive For COVID-19: And None Had Symptoms"
"Criminal With ‘Violent History’ Freed Due to Coronavirus Arrested In Carjacking, Hammer Attack"
"Bobby Kennedy Jr. Claims Dr. Fauci and Gates Foundation Will Make Billions on Coronavirus Vaccine"
"Outrage Over Bank Seizures Of Coronavirus Relief Payments From Debt-Strapped Veterans"
"A Dozen Nation-Backed APTs Tap COVID-19 to Cover Spy Attacks"
"IT’S EVERYWHERE: 21% In NYC Had Coronavirus Up To Six Weeks Ago"
"Economic Crisis From Coronavirus ‘Lockdowns’ Threatens To Double Number Of People Facing Starvation"
"Global Coronavirus Deaths Slow For 4th Straight Day: Live Updates"
"UK ONS Figures Show Three Times More Deaths From Flu & Pneumonia Than Coronavirus"
"Watch: Trump Vows To End Obama Admin's Funding To Wuhan Virus Lab"
"The COVID-19 Crisis Is Driving The EU To The Brink"
"Pentagon Confirms Covid-19 Outbreak on ANOTHER Navy Vessel"
"China Flexes Its Military Muscles as Coronavirus Distracts the World"
"FINALLY: Dr. Birx Asked About Latest Studies that Show Coronavirus Numbers Similar to Flu — Sadly She Dodges Question (VIDEO)"
"Veterans Groups Demand ""Not A Dime More"" For Pentagon's 'Wasteful War Machine' Amid COVID-19"
"Harvard Announces They Won't Take Coronavirus Funds After All"
"Los Angeles Mayor Garcetti Closes Beaches to ‘Slow the Spread of COVID-19’ – Then Instructs People to Flock to Indoor Cooling Centers Amid Heatwave"
"Dissecting Vox Journalist’s Wildly Misleading Tweet About Trump Admin COVID-19 Response"
"MUST-READ EXCLUSIVE: The One Reason China’s Communist Leaders Would Deliberately Release the Coronavirus and Kill Their Own People in the Process"
"TECH TYRANNY: Twitter Suspends Account and YouTube Removes Video of Biotech Company that Created COVID-19 Treatment Using UV Light in Lungs"
"'Don't Tread On Me': 74% Of Voters Worried About Losing Freedoms Due To COVID-19"
"“Dr. Fauci Gave $3.7 Million to Wuhan Laboratory… Something Is Going On” – Rudy Giuliani Drops a Bomb on NIAID Director Dr. Tony Fauci"
"Pompeo Wants to Investigate “Multiple Labs” In China, Not Just Wuhan’s For COVID-19 Origins"
"Scientists Find More Evidence Novel Coronavirus Can Travel On Air Pollution Particles"
"Elizabeth Warren’s 86-Year-Old Brother Dies of Coronavirus"
"Live Sunday Coronavirus News Briefing: Doctors Across U.S. Come Forward To Defend Trump"
"D.C. Homicide Numbers Haven't Dropped During COVID-19"
"NY Gov. Cuomo: Suicides and Increased Domestic Violence Worth Price of Coronavirus Lockdown to Save His Own Life (Video)"
"Two More Ivy League Colleges to Decline Coronavirus Aid Money After Backlash"
"Florida Antibody Testing Suggests Coronavirus Death Rate Far Lower Than Reported"
"China Denies US Request For Access To Wuhan Lab Which May Be Source Of Coronavirus Pandemic"
"Regions don’t decide, retailers open all at once: France to unveil nationwide plan to lift Covid-19 lockdown next week"
"WATCH: Dan Crenshaw And Bill Maher Spar Over Trump’s Response To The Coronavirus"
"Shocking Study Finds Coronavirus Mutations That Are Much Deadlier Than The Original"
"Los Angeles Dumps Tons of Sand on Venice Beach Skate Park Amid Coronavirus Panic (VIDEO)"
"Wouldn’t It Be Wonderful If Coronavirus Brought Back Dressy Clothes?"
"Idaho Woman Facing 6 Months in Jail For Violating Coronavirus Lockdown Order by Holding Yard Sale"
"COVID-19 Pandemic - Another 9/11 Moment For The West"
"10 Deadliest Pandemics In History Were Much Worse Than Coronavirus So Far"
"THIS EXPLAINS A LOT: In NYC, the UK and Italy Laws Encourage Infected COVID-19 Patients Be Sent Back to Nursing Homes"
"Whistleblower: How CDC Is Manipulating The COVID-19 Death-Toll"
"94% of All NYC Coronavirus Patients Have Underlying Health Problems; 3,505 Nursing Home Residents Die from China Coronavirus in New York State"
"New Reports Suggest Many Have Had Coronavirus With No Symptoms, But Methodology Called Into Question"
"Hotel Used as UN Asylum Center Quarantined After 150 Test Positive For Coronavirus"
"Killed By The Coronavirus Lockdowns: 1000s Of U.S. Businesses That Were Shut Down Will Be Closed Permanently"
"EU Leaders Rewrite Document On Government Coronavirus Disinfo After China's Government Freaks Out"
"China Denies Discriminating Against ‘African Brothers’ Amid Coronavirus Crackdown"
"‘Wuhan Plague’ Plaques Placed Around Atlanta by Anonymous Street Artist, Vice News Cries ‘Racism’"
"NY Times Article Blames Fox News for Trump Supporter’s Coronavirus Death; Hypocrite Reporter Questioned Virus ‘Panic’"
"Germany Cancels Oktoberfest Over Fears Of Spreading Coronavirus"
"Wallace Grills Pelosi For Underplaying Coronavirus Threat. She Responds With False Claims."
"Wuhan lab was performing coronavirus experiments on bats from the caves where the disease is believed to have originated"
"Cuomo Says First Antibody Study Finds 21% Of New Yorkers Test Positive For COVID-19 Antibodies: Live Updates"
"Numbers tell all. Common sense remains to be seen through out the media's sheep."
"CONVENIENT TIMING OF COVID 19"
"Gov’t test run"
"They knew?"
"Firsthand experience of this propaganda and inflated numbers..."
"The Invisible Enemy"
"David Icke Interview"
"Eerily similar covid19 beginnings to the Handmaid's Tale"
"Donald J. Trump"
"Have we shifted dimensions?"
"Event 201"
"My theory on why this virus came about"
"Why is germaphobe Trump acting immune?"
"Senators sell their stock prior to COVID 19"
"Fear is what I'm witnessing to be infectious"
"LA Times: ""Hospitals say feds are seizing masks and other coronavirus supplies without a word""."
"Whole thing does seem a little fishy don’t it"
"What if...?"
"Covid-19: Coverup for Economic Collapse"
"Is the reaction to Covid-19 an experiment to help prevent a climate change catastrophe?"
"More Covid Opportunism - Accusations of Forceful evictions of Africans in China"
"Both videos recorded in last 48 hours, thoughts ?"
"This is proof that China stole the virus from Canada and unleashed it in China so they don’t look suspect. If they unleash it on their own soil then no one will fully blame them"
"Prisoners Testing Positive - Thoughts?"
"about 200 planes flying through sky at same direction. wtf?"
"Thought Experiment Covid-19 Conpiracy"
"New Age Chemical Warfare"
"Didn't see this coming..."
Irony?
"Interesting, very strange all those CEO'S stepped down right before the coronavirus outbreak started.."
"Interesting that Indiana Jones was was poisoned and needed an antidote. His friend Wu Han was the first killed. I know it's a stretch but odd all the same"
"What if... Smoked some pot, found this, blew me away, the first part mainly! 🎉"
"Conspiracy theories"
"...and they've got the network to do it... (Link below)"
"Could it be that an EPIDEMIC status begin from infections of all family members where they are on vacation? are there some similar cases?"
"Russia accused of spreading COVID19 conspiracy theories"
This
"Chinese scientists suggest Huanan Seafood Market is not COVID19 origin"
"Has it sunk in yet that China is welding people into their homes?"
"Terrible condition in Iran is untold. I'm a medical freshman in Iran"
"I am in the shpping business. Ships are leaving China 90% empty. The economic impact is already being felt."
"Chinese doctors say Wuhan coronavirus reinfection even deadlier Instead of creating immunity the virus can reportedly reinfect an individual and hasten fatal heart attack"
"Diary of a girl in Wuhan [Source deleted on WeiBo - Feb. 10]"
"The Shincheonji cult in South Korea believes in actively bringing about the 'End Times'. Their cult is known to have actively spread diseases twice before already."
"Something strange going on in Bangkok."
"American woman admits to lying about symptoms to get off the Diamond Princess"
"The virus is probably already spreading in most european countries and nobody is talking about it"
"Shincheonji Church, a cult in South Korea, trying to send infected members to gatherings of the other churches."
"As a South Korean I will tell the fact why South Korea is spreading too much"
"Wuhan biolab sold lab animals as wild-caught to wet markets"
"A women in Hebei hid the fact that she lived in Wuhan, died from the virus. She encountered 77 people, they are now being isolated."
"China’s Coronavirus Figures Don’t Add Up. ‘This Never Happens With Real Data.’"
"AZ Hospitals Are Now Screening"
"I am sorry but I need to post something casual about what Chinese people been talking and doing on social media. I am getting over stressed."
"Pictures from the Wuhan Vocational College of Software and Engineering . Student dorms are being ransacked and requisitioned for quarantine use without permission. It is reportedly occurring at multiple universities"
"Briefed at Work Today About the Whu-Flu"
"Terrifying news from Wuhan community"
"9200 quarantined in China shopping mall after 23 people found infected"
"Chen Quishi has been put in jail for telling the truth. Can anyone translate this vide"
"Military movement?"
"The China they DON’T want you to SEE!"
"BREAKING: Chengdu, Shenzhen and Guangzhou announce lockdown"
"COVID-19 has already spread worldwide"
"Wuhan CDC has 600 bats in capture. Researcher attacked by bats may be Wuhan virus origin"
"CCP is supressing information on the internet."
"Japan reported to be sending army to assist with Diamond Princess Cruise liner"
"Evil: A Chinese Japanese lady relies on her medical background, successfully scammed masks from numerous hospitals in Japan, she then resell it at high prices to the Chinese."
"Self-claimed lab tech from Wuhan came onto the /pol/ (""politically incorrect"") board of 4chan. He posted information about the Wuhan Coronavirus as well as image verification of his gloved hand with handwritten note in a lab - via @ether_fox on Twitter"
"Has there been any official aknowledgement, explanation or comments about people randomly collapsing in seizures?"
"Fake news on reddit a few days ago? Website claimed state of the art new Containerized Bio-Containment System (CBCS) used on Diamond Princess evacuation airplane for positive test patients; article today say quarantine measure was simply 18 seats cordoned-off with 10-foot-high plastic on all sides"
"Chinese woman getting harassed in Dutch train regarding Coronavirus"
"Save independent ""citizen reporter"" Chen Qiushi"
"40 mobile crematoriums being sent to Wuhan"
"Chen Quishi—Quarantine by force via YouTube"
"Japanese researchers estimate that at least half of new infections of coronavirus occur while the first patient is not showing symptoms yet"
"Citizen reporter being “quarantined” for revealing truth about coronavirus in Wuhan,China"
"Are ALL countries lying about cases?"
"20 dead in this Iran hospital"
"Rumored: ""38 passengers on Dutch cruise ship Westerdam showing symptoms"", ship now heading back to Hong Kong after getting no safe harbor anywhere else"
"People are debating if these are ether homeless people or corpses"
"Citizen journalist Chen Qiushi forcibly quarantined by government in Wuhan"
"Workload is 5 times higher, crematorium manager crumbles as overtired workers have no break over the month."
"[ Rumored ] Dr Li Wenliang's ribs were completely shattered after 3 hours of defibrillation"
"WeChat Roundup: Northwest China"
"So it's being claimed that inside Wuhan, authorities are going from door to door and forcibly quarantine them into stadiums, is there likely to be any truth in this?"
"Hangzhou Mandatory Quarantine.. Thoughts?"
"Women taken by police for not observing driving ban"
"Daily cases for Wuhan and the rest of China"
"Rush Limbaugh (admittedly one of my favorite people, honestly) just said on his show that The virus is no worse than the common cold and it’s all about panicking people."
"We have a problem in France"
"Food for thought about China's ""Drop in numbers"""
"China may be quarantining nationals returning from any overseas country with any transmission"
"2019-nCov is airborne as reported by China officials."
"Footage From New Hospital in Wuhan"
"First death in India, not a confirmed source"
"Here’s a woman’s first hand account of witnessing Covid-19 (SARS-nCov2) being burnt alive. Shocking if true."
"Wuhan resident reveals the truth of coronavirus in China"
"Unpopular Opinion - As the days start to grow longer in the Northern Hemisphere there will be fewer and fewer viral transmissions."
"Fake News Manufactured by the Chinese Communist Party"
"So the COVID19 has not infected people in hot regions right now at any significant rate. Maybe the heat and humidity does have something to do with halting transmissions."
"China CCP Swat Team practice drill of handling coronavirus, see old communist flag in background?"
"See how woman reacted when she tested positive for coronavirus on cruise ship"
"CCTV: Patients in FangCang hospitals are so happy that they don’t want to leave even when they’re cured"
"Leaked China CDC Screen Shows Infection Count of Medical Staff"
"My theory on the Korean outbreak: Older korea apartments do use ""U-shaped trap"" for their plumbing"
"On Feb 7 the Temperature check at Hongqiao hub (Shanghai railway) machine measured 1.22 million people, 101 people were found to have fever"
"Untold truths that’s happening in Wuhan and China"
"Coronavirus is more Dangerous for the Global Economy than SARS- Bloomberg Markets and Finance -02/07/2020"
"IRAN Firooz Abadi HOSPITAL in Shahr Rey, Tehran, COVID-19, CORONAVIRUS"
"Australian news pointing out lab origin of Coronavirus news.com.au"
"Latest research: 20% to 30% asymptomatic forever?"
"Coming into USA from mainland China and Hong Kong A PIECE OF CAKE , just takes some time."
"*Unverified* This guy just fell to the ground in Hong Kong (unsettling)"
"This is what happens when Chinese citizens are found on the streets without masks. Unbelievable!"
"Coronavirus may have leaked from China's highest biosafety lab next door to market"
"Not Confirmed via Official: Iranian Health Minister tested positiv for the virus"
"The final words written by a dying man in Wuhan"
"Have you seen the fake ""weed kills coronavirus"" meme? I looked into that... the cannabis scientific research will shock you... cannabis has over 21 antiviral medical compounds!"
"Recovered patients may still be infectious!"
"The news is saying the virus mutated in Iran."
"Coronavirus: Wuhan, man beaten up by police. Suspected of having COVID-1..."
"‘Polluted air’ could be an important cause of Wuhan pneumonia - Khmer Times"
"Unconfirmed/alleged interview with crematorium in Wuhan discussing shortage of manpower and the number of bodies they themselves are cremating a day."
"CCTV Caught these People infecting Others?"
"The problem with counting on warmer weather as a back stop for the virulence of the epidemic."
"I know this guy isn't an expert in anything, but he has predicted almost everything in the Coronavirus update videos he does."
"Video of what's going on in the lockdown zone"
"PRISONERS walking through Wuhan ! Covid-19, Coronavirus"
"3 possible cases in Turkey"
"It is so shameful that Kenyan government hasn't reached out to Kenyan students in Wuhan. The students instead, just get to hear about everything in the media. This is Jeffrey Okundi, a Kenyan Student in Wuhan. #coronaviruskenya (VIDEO)"
"Patients enter the ward of Leishenshan (Thunder God Mountain) Hospital in Wuhan, capital of central China's Hubei Province, Feb. 8, 2020."
"LIVE IN CHINA DURING THE CORONAVIRUS - Ask Me Anything"
"Arresting NON MASK wearer Wuhan nCoV Coronavirus 😥"
"Chinese scientists says COVID-19/coronavirus could have originated from government ..."
"US Biowarfare Act Author Frances Boyle: Studies Confirm Coronavirus Weaponized! WATCH AND SHARE"
"Thunderf00t: Coronavirus: how dangerous is it?"
"Fact or fiction regarding the whole coronavirus theory?"
"CORONAVIRUS PRANK | The MAIN PROBLEM with PRANKS on YOUTUBE"
"Video: A family being forced to split due to the city lockdown [ENG Subtitles]"
"COVID-19 Panel Discussion at AAAS Annual Meeting Seattle, WA. Feb 14, 2020"
"An unnamed Chinese vlogger giving his perspective"
"Feb 8 - Shenzhen Lockdown? - Live from China - Coronavirus Updates"
"My own speculative projections for the coronavirus outbreak - plus collected expert models"
"Medical Staff NURSES getting heads shaved 😥 China Wuhan 2019 nCoV CORONAVIRUS"
"I'm Doctor In Wuhan"
"Coronavirus outbreak: Super Spreaders, a new nightmare for doctors - WION (India) - 02/08/2020"
"Ground report from inside of coronavirus epicenter Wuhan: 8 days in Wuhan -WION (India)-2/11/2020"
"Natural or Manufactured ? China Coronavirus nCoV-2019"
"Dr. John Campbell - 28th Jan 2020 - TL:DR Share this with those you love"
"Dean Koontz Predicted Wuhan Virus in 1981 Thriller – or Did He?"
"Something's going on.."
"I’m just a CPA, but..."
"COVID isn't scary. What people are doing right now is scary."
"So.. It is my understanding that in this study, from 2007, Chinese scientists combined HIV with SARS to bind it to the ACE2 molecule in bats and humans.. Correct me if I'm wrong."
"Thanks to COVID-19 we have developed the largest collection of human blood samples in the history of humanity."
"Food for thought."
"Why is the public radio silent?"
"Not enough karma to post in /r/Showerthoughts. Since the COVID-19 quarantine, people are more likely to go on with the funky business. So we should see a spike in birth rates in around 9 months, depending on the area."
"Hollywood silent on global pandemic?"
"Was the great vape scare of 2019 Covid19?"
"Is anybody talking about this?"
"Series of coincidences"
"Social Distancing in The Netherlands is going really great...."
"Dutch Minister of Health collapses during live coronavirus debate"
"People are getting creative"
"Dutch people are very poorly informed by their government when it comes to COVID19"
"7 billion vs 20 assholes"
Hawaii
"The covid-19 test is also a convenient way to obtain everyone in the worlds DNA profile"
"I haven't posted on here before, so much please be nice but I got sent this last night and thought it was interesting, can't find anything on the internet about it."
"What’s really going on with COVID-1"
"Cant find a single positive Covid19 test result anywhere?!"
"I have created 57 pie charts for each state and territories in the US to understand the current situation better"
"Duuuuuuuude! What if COVID-19 came from glaciers/icebergs?"
"21 million fewer cellphone users in China may suggest a high CCP virus death toll | China in Focus"
"Searched ""proof covid 19 was..."" on google. every initial result emphasizes evidence it's not man made."
"Donald J Trump"
"3D printing saving lives!"
"Too true"
Questionable
"What if China wasn’t lying when they spoke about the US Military being the cause of the pandemic? That could be why billionaires like Bill Gates and others started eating up stocks in companies that mainly make vaccine?"
"Not a single plane Australian owned is flying over the biggest island on the planet. The skies are so quiet, it's fucking scary"
".... how using data manipulation in combination with controversial scientific data presentation could easily cause catastrophic panic in modern society"
"COvid-19 on the deep web."
"Blatant CCP influenced censorship on r/COVID19"
"I really think they should cancel the Olympics. What do you think?"
Arrested
"Coronavirus Update - Chinese Study finds COVID19 Can Float In The Air For 30 Minutes!"
"Coronavirus: Iran reports over 1,000 new cases, death roll rises to 145"
"The flu vs Covid 19"
"Be open. Not the usual conspiracy theory without foundations."
"How Covid-19 Enters your body"
"Face mask"
"Questions, thoughts and ramblings"
"Can someone find this video? It keeps getting taken down..."
"Cvoid 19 cover up/conspiracy... Lets hear it"
"Saw this coming a mile off...DOJ edges on martial law"
"Coronavirus Update - Are you ready? COVID19 is NOT the Flu!"
"46 new infections today. This brings the total in The Netherlands to 128!"
"Coronavirus Update - SCov and LCov: The 2 COVID19 Strains"
"The total confirmed cases in The Netherlands just jumped to 82! 44 new cases today."
"Covid 19 and 5G"
"If you haven’t watched this bit of investigative journalism, please take the time to understand the clues on where this virus originated."
"I have created a compete dashboard for US COVID-19 cases tracking."
"I have created a timeline for historic data of COVID-19 cases, recoveries and deaths for each country. Looking forward to suggestions and feedback. Thank you and stay safe!"
"All Covid19 Conspiracies"
"For those saying Dr. Cameron Kyle-Sidell was a fake doctor feeding conspiracies"
"My conspiracy theorist friend thinks the Corona-virus is man-made. Any thoughts?"
"The u.s election"
"Criminalizing Dissent"
"Coronavirus Update - 1.5m Distance Is Not Enough"
"Wtf-Covid -Sarin"
"COVID19 Where's the proof?"
"Understanding of general population of COVID-19 and the measures people are taking on a daily basis to prevent spreading it. (Takes <5 minutes). Thank you for your contribution and stay safe!"
"CORONAVIRUS UPDATE - The Dutch Almost Reached ICU Capacity - Will New Stricter Measures Be Enough?"
"Coronavirus Update - Dutch Minister of Health Resigns - COVID19 Airborne According To New Study!"
"Healthcare Minister Bruins suddenly resigns from Dutch Cabinet"
"409 New infections in The Netherlands today, bringing the total to 2460!"
"Aerosol and Surface Stability of SARS-CoV-2 as Compared with SARS-CoV-1 | NEJM"
"Coronavirus Update - 16yr Old Boy On Artificial Respiration - Shocking I..."
"Joe Rogan Experience #1439 - Michael Osterholm"
"Sign this petition to help the Dutch! Our government does not want to close schools!"
"Coronavirus Update - Dutch Government Is Slacking - WHO Finally Declares COVID19 Outbreak Pandemic!"
"Dutch Government is slacking"
"Dutch Total numbers just jumped from 382 to 503, 121 new infections!"
"Arrests made"
"This is a good coverage on the development of COVID-19 worldwide."
"Trump has not been tested for coronavirus - White House - What a selfish man... If I were him I would have had myself tested right after finding out I could've been exposed."
"Human Coronaviruses (HCoV) can survive on surfaces like metal, glass or plastic for up to 9 days, but can be efficiently inactivated by surface disinfection procedures with 62-71% ethanol (alcohol)."
"'Coronavirus can travel twice as far as official safe distance and stay in the air for 30 minutes, Chinese study finds' - I haven't been able to find the study tho, anyone else?"
"What would be an appropriate punishment for someone who deliberately went out to spread the virus?"
"56 New confirmed cases today, bringing the total to 321."
"2 New deaths in The Netherlands, bringing the total to 3!"
"77 New confirmed cases in The Netherlands today, bringing the total to 265!"
"Coronavirus Update - 900 Dutch Students Return Home From Northern-Italy"
"Total + New confirmed COVID19 cases in The Netherlands"
"Vietnam's coronavirus cases rise to 20: health ministry"
"German coronavirus cases jump, economic nervousness rises"
"Leader of Italy's co-ruling democratic party tests positive to coronavirus"
"Italy coronavirus deaths near 200 after biggest daily jump"
"A study done by Chinese scientists shows the coronavirus has 2 strains!"
"'It's not Mad Max': Police call for calm after shoppers trade blows over toilet paper - Preparation taken to the next level."
"First Death in The Netherlands. A 86 year old man from Hoeksche Waard who was hospitalized in Rotterdam at the Ikazia hospital. He was hospitalized since last sunday.. My condolences to the family <3"
"Total + New confirmed cases in The Netherlands"
"COVID19 Mutation tree!"
"Coronavirus Update - Community spread in The Netherlands already happening! Prepare now!"
"Employee of Nike European Headquarters is one of the confirmed cases in NL"
"Spreading fast!"
"Coronavirus Update - ASYMPTOMATIC TRANSMISSIONS DO HAPPEN"
"Coronavirus Update - Dutch officials spreading misinformation while 2nd COVID19 case is confirmed"
YouTube
"What happened to Tom Hanks Being Arrested?"
"MAYBE THEY WILL SAY WE CAN NO LONGER USE CURRENCY AND EVERYTHING GOES DIGITAL???"
"The best peaceful protest I've seen in a while!"
"I have a question."
"Full. Frontal. Fascism."
"Theory 1: Our presidents are not as bad as we think."
"Tests Per Head"
"The Dutch Government Is Using It's Citizens As Lab Rats With Their Goal To Achieve Herd Immunity"
"Turbulent Gas Clouds and Respiratory Pathogen Emissions (MIT study)"
"Underground Rapper Exposes NWO"
Wtf-Covid-Sarin
"Air pollution plunges in European cities amid coronavirus lockdown: satellite data"
"Illinois and New York"
"18 new deaths reported today, bringing the total to 76."
"Sign this petition to help the dutch to go into lockdown!"
"Politician Falling on Stage"
"4 New deaths today, bringing the total to 24."
"278 New confirmed cases in The Netherlands today, bringing the total to 1413!"
"8 new deaths today in The Netherlands, bringing the total to 20!"
"2 New deaths reported in The Netherlands, total deaths: 12."
"5 new deaths reported today, bringing the total to 10!"
"190 New infections in The Netherlands today, bringing the total to 804!"
"Tom Hanks tests COVID19 positive :("
"US bans European countries"
"COVID19 now finally a Pandemic - WHO"
"1 New Death today, bringing the total to 5."
"Indonesia reports first death from coronavirus"
"Closing borders won't stop coronavirus - German health minister"
"UK Health Minister tests positive for COVID19"
"Spain steps up anti-coronavirus plan to 'avoid Italian scenario'"
"Current state of mind"
"61 New infections reported today in The Netherlands, bringing the total to 382."
"People 'shed' coronavirus early, but most likely not infectious after recovery"
"All of Italy now under lockdown!!"
"Russia starting to take some measures: Advising people not to take public transportation anymore."
"Is North Korea dealing with a COVID19 epidemic or not? What do you think?"
"WHO still does not call the coronavirus outbreak a pandemic"
"4 Total deaths in NL"
"Coronavirus Update - Italian doctor says young people are hospitalized - Prison Riots across Italy!"
"‘Get ready’: Italian doctors warn Europe of coronavirus impact on hospitals"
"New Reddit page"
"This article on The Lancet says that high-income countries should learn from China's drastic measures to contain the virus. They must abandon their fears of the negative short-term public and economic consequences that may follow from restricting public freedoms."
"Coronavirus Update - Why Are Coronavirus Tests Inaccurate?"
Welcome!
"Coronavirus Update - Taking Selfies at Hotel Corona, The Hague, The Netherlands"
Alfluenza
"Not really a conspiracy but found the chart funny. Any substance to the actual statement?"
"Why Cell Realignment Machine can prevent inflammation of lungs"
"Covid2019 Opportunism - Cross post"
"¿Vino del espacio la plaga de Wuhan?Asi lo dice el libro de las revelaci..."
"Boomers? 55 - 75"
Wtf-vivid-sarin
WTF-COVID-SARIN
$1200
"Is your country on a crash course? Mine, The Netherlands, sure is!"
"Coronavirus Update - Dutch Schools Finally Closed - Asymptomatic Transmissions in Massachusetts, USA"
"HOW TO MAKE YOUR OWN COVID19 DISINFECT HAND GEL"
"176 new confirmed cases in The Netherlands today, bringing the total to 1135!"
"Asymptomatic transmission happens."
"155 New infections in The Netherlands today, bringing the total to 959."
"Coronavirus Update - New Measurements In The Netherlands Too Weak And Too Late!"
